### GENERAL INFORMATION:

1. Title of Dataset: Data from: Changes in temperature alter competitive interactions and overall structure of fig wasp communities.

2. Author: Cong Liu

3. Date of data collection: 2002-2004, 2013-2014, 2018-2019

4. Geographic location of data collection: China, Myanmar, Laos, and Thailand.

5. Funding sources that supported the collection of the data: National Natural Science Foundation of China (32070487, 31860620)

6. Recommended citation for this dataset: Aung, MM et al. (2021), Data from: Changes in temperature alter competitive interactions and overall structure of fig wasp communities.


### Description of dataset
The dataset was generated by long-term observation in the field sites in China, Myanmar, Laos, and Thailand. The data file includes 17 variables (column names) in 4 catalogs:

- Catalog 1: when the fig wasp communities were investigated includes Year, Month

- Catalog 2: Climate data includes monthly average temperature (Monthly_ave_Tem, °C), monthly maximum temperature (Monthly_max_tem,°C), monthly minimum temperature (Monthly_mini_temp, °C), monthly total precipitation (Monthly_total_Prep, mm), and monthly average humility (Monthly_ave_Humidity, %).

- Catalog 3: Localities, includes Country, Tree ID, and the GPS codes for the sites. The locality "Liuku" is a small town in Lushui City, Yunnan Province, China; and the locality "XTBG" represents the Xishuangbanna Tropical Botanical Garden located in Xishuangbanna, Yunnan Province, China. Tree ID indicates the identification of different fig trees investigated in our study.

- Catalog 4: Abundance data for the 6 fig wasp species in each community. Community here means one single fig. 
